AMD64 on ARM: Add better example for the run-webserver case (#360)
ddev/ddev.com: src/content/blog/amd64-with-rosetta-on-macos.md

    platform: linux/amd64
```

Now on `ddev restart` you'll be running an AMD64 web container and `ddev npm install gifsicle` will work just fine. And your colleagues who are on Intel processors will have no trouble with this configuration.

Test it with `ddev exec arch`, you'll now get `x86_64`.

> (If you have trouble, so a `ddev debug rebuild` to make it forget the old version of the Dockerfile build.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(If you run into issues, try `ddev debug rebuild` to clear the old Dockerfile build cache.)
```
